Null maps, null types and null type families (#1088)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/foundation/diagonal-maps-of-types.lagda.md

  pr1 diagonal-exponential-injection = diagonal-exponential A B
  pr2 diagonal-exponential-injection = is-injective-diagonal-exponential
```

> ### The action on identifications of a constant map is a constant map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The action on identifications of an (exponential) diagonal is a diagonal
```
